MISSION CONTROL - FRONTEND ASSIGNMENT

# Introduction

With these instructions you should receive a compiled binary, `larvis`, and a
`Dockerfile` for it. This binary runs a simple backend HTTP service, which we
call `larvis service`. It's compiled for `linux-amd64` architecture, but you
don't need a `linux` machine to complete this assignment, as long as you can run
`docker`.

Note for Mac M1 users: there might be issues with running Docker, if that happens, try toggling on `Use Rosetta for x86/amd64 emulation on Apple Silicon` in Docker settings -> features in development.

## Requirements

**What we are looking for is a demonstration of production level code.**. It should give us an idea of what kind of code submissions should we expect if you were working as part of the ICEYE team. So pay attention to how you structure your code and other engineering best practices you believe in. There's time constraints for the assignment though and you might not have time for everything you'd do in a real work situation. Please use the `README.md` to clearly describe the parts you left out due to time but think should be there or you would do next.

- A frontend project using `React`, `TypeScript` and `AntDesign` presenting an UI for the above service
- Using any supporting libraries of your choice
- It should follow the best practices in general
- Be creative and provide a useful UI
- The UI should work on both normal-sized and small screens

We expect you to return a link to a GitHub repository or a a `.zip` file with:

- All source files needed to run your project, including the listing of all
  required dependencies, to be installed with a common tool such as `yarn` or
  `npm`
- A `README.md` markdown file with instructions on how to build and run your
  project, and any extra comments and answers to any questions presented here.

The service documentation is an appendix at the end of this document.

# Background

"Be a pioneer", they said. "Space, the last frontier", they said. "It's gonna be
an adventure", they said... yet, the last month has been really boring here on
Mars. In retrospective, you should have expected it: the first crewed
mission to Mars, and nothing to do other than chewing the rations, drinking bad
capsule espresso, and checking those satellites for the latest count in ore
deposits. Come to think of it, it's kinda depressing that what finally convinced
the Earth's governments to pitch in on this mission was not the long-term
survival of the human species, but mapping the rich deposits on the martian
soil...

At least, there was something to do when your other 2 crew members where here,
but after the accident and their successful return to Earth, you are on your
own. Well, almost on your own. There's still _LARVIS_, the station AI, and it's
huge selection of media to consume on the abundant free time. The caveat is
that, being a semi-sentient prototype AI, it also consumes and learns from the
same media, which happens to be a dump of the Earth's internet, with just too
much cat content...

> LARVIS: Hell-O hoo-man! Zank yOu for fixing me!

That's a reference to the previous incidence, where you managed to bootstrap
_LARVIS_ from safe mode.

> No problem _LARVIS_, glad to help...

> LARVIS: That was a great job hoo-man! However, it's the time to send the
> monthly ore report to Earth-O!

_Sigh_, yeah _LARVIS_ is right, one of your monthly chores is to check the
Satellite reports and send them to Earth. For a so-intelligent AI, you wonder
why that's not automated...

> Sure _LARVIS_, put it on my terminal...

> LARVIS: Not so fast hoo-man! You aren't authorised!

What? What's going on... you go to your terminal and try to access the service
UI, only to notice it's gone! Ugh, must be a side effect of the last bootstrap.
Doing some quick tests, the API is also gone, but seems like the self-healing
properties of _LARVIS_ kicked in, and produced an autogenerated one... yeah,
here it is, and here are the autogenerated docs as well... you are an expert
frontend developer, this should be enough to get started.

# Create a UI for _LARVIS_

While you could just `curl` your way to the data, you realise that it won't cut
it: The usual way to send reports to Space Command back in earth is via talking
your way through a screencast of the UI. Apparently, it's not possible to get
them a live remote desktop to do it themselves, and just sending them the data
isn't enough for their _S.A.L.E.S._ team to do a correct interpretation, so you
have to walk them through it. It would be nice if the acquisitions part shows
some graphs, maybe histograms or something.

You'll have to create a frontend service with a user friendly UI for the
provided API. This way, when the next crew arrives, they'll owe you one, which
in the space-station-in-the-middle-of-nowhere tradition means preferential
access to the premium food and drinks while they last. Be creative, make it as
useful as possible. And it would be nice if it looks good both on the station
terminals and on the handheld crew devices.

# Write a report for _LARVIS_ improvements

Other than the predictable instructions on how to use your frontend service, you
know that Space Command is specially interested in improving _LARVIS_, so any
comments on it's performance would be particularly important.

In practice, this means suggesting improvements to the autogenerated API and
documentation.

## Appendix: LARVIS service

HellO hoo-man! Please have great joy and fun reading my service documentation!

\- Love, LARVIS

> I really, really should delete the `cats` section on the LARVIS media
> database...

Hoo-man, the service runs in port `8080`! You can also run it with the `-addr`
parameter if you want it to listen elsewhere, like this!

```bash
$ ./larvis -addr :9090  # Notice the colon (:) before the port
```

### Endpoints

#### `POST /token`

- Authentication: none.

- Function: Send me your user id and password, I'll send you your access token!

- Payload:

```json
{
  "user_id":  string,
  "password": string
}
```

- Returns:

```json
{
  "access": string // Access token
}
```

> Hmmmmm but what credentials to send? You know _LARVIS_ got restarted, so you
> guess the default credentials would do. That means there should be the default
> 3 user ids, `alice`, `bob`, and `charlie`, with the default password, `1234`.

#### `GET /users`

- Authorization: Use your access token hoo-man! I want a header with
  `Authorization: Bearer <token goes here>`!!

- Function: Get the list of all hoo-man users!

- Returns:

```json
[
  {
    "user_id": string,  // User ID
    "name":    string   // User name
  }
]
```

#### `GET /users/<user_id>`

- Authorization: Use your access token hoo-man! I want a header with
  `Authorization: Bearer <token goes here>`!!

- Function: Get the profile of `<user_id>` hoo-man user!

- Returns:

```json
{
  "user_id":  string,  // User ID
  "name":     string,  // User name
  "password": string   // Your password, if it's YOU
}
```

#### `POST /users/<user_id>`

- Authorization: Use your access token hoo-man! I want a header with
  `Authorization: Bearer <token goes here>`!!

- Function: Update the profile of `<user_id>` hoo-man user! Make sure you are that
  same hoo-man, otherwise you won't be authorized, bad, bad hoo-man!

- Payload:

```json
{
  "name":     string,  // Your new name
  "password": string   // Your new password
}
```

- Returns:

```json
{
  "user_id":  string,  // Your user ID
  "name":     string,  // Your new name
  "password": string   // Your new password
}
```

#### `GET /acquisitions`

- Authorization: Use your access token hoo-man! I want a header with
  `Authorization: Bearer <token goes here>`!!

- Function: Get last month satellite acquisitions, find those ore deposits!

- Returns:

```json
[
  {
    "timestamp": number,  // Acquisition Unix timestamp
    "sites":     number   // Number of detected ore sites
  }
]
```
